output management checkpoints and final model (#630)
huggingface/huggingface_hub: docs/sagemaker/train.md

Look [here](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/01_getting_started_pytorch/scripts/train.py) for a complete example of a 🤗 Transformers training script.

## Training Output Management

> `output_dir` defaults to '/opt/ml/model' which saves both checkpoints and models to '/opt/ml/model', and results in a large output `tar.gz` containing all checkpoint files and model. A large artifacts most of them possibly useless for deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `output_dir` in the `TrainingArguments` is set to '/opt/ml/model' the Trainer saves all training artifacts, including logs, checkpoints, and models. Amazon SageMaker archives the whole '/opt/ml/model' directory as `model.tar.gz` and uploads it at the end of the training job to Amazon S3. Depending on your Hyperparameters and `TrainingArguments` this could lead to a large artifact (> 5GB), which can slow down deployment for Amazon SageMaker Inference. 
```

Reviewer: why did do resolve this comment?

Author: Sorry, I have overlooked it and clicked by mistake.

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can control how checkpoints, logs, and artifacts are saved by customization the [TrainingArguments](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/master/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments). For example by providing `save_total_limit` as `TrainingArgument` you can control the limit of the total amount of checkpoints. Deletes the older checkpoints in `output_dir` if new ones are saved and the maximum limit is reached.

```

Reviewer: why did do resolve this comment?

Author: Sorry, I have overlooked it and clicked by mistake.

> If you want to persist checkpoints to Amazon S3 while saving only the final model in the `model.tar.gz` final training artifact, you can point Hugging Face Trainer’s `output_dir` to `/opt/ml/checkpoints` and at the end of your script save a specific model to the model location with `trainer.save_model(/opt/ml/model)`

Reviewer: Don't you need to provide [...] in the Estimator to enable checkpointing?
```bash
    # Parameters required to enable checkpointing
    checkpoint_s3_uri=checkpoint_s3_bucket,
    checkpoint_local_path=checkpoint_local_path
``` 
 [Enable Checkpointing documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/model-checkpoints.html)

Author: Maybe this can be added to the section?

Reviewer: What do you mean by "this"? 
If it is right that the user needs to make more changes than just saving `/opt/ml/checkpoints` we need to include these changes as well.

Author: I meant clarifying how to separately save both checkpoints and models to S3. It will be make the section clearer how to save checkpoints by adding the code snippet above in your comment.

Reviewer: Then let's remove it from this section and add an additional one?

Author: It is not necessary to create another section, it can be in same section and link the checkpointing documentation.

Reviewer: Ok👍🏻 i ll wait for your changes and then take another look.

Author: I have updated the checkpointing part.

Look [here](https://github.com/huggingface/notebooks/blob/master/sagemaker/01_getting_started_pytorch/scripts/train.py) for a complete example of a 🤗 Transformers training script.

## Training Output Management

If `output_dir` in the `TrainingArguments` is set to '/opt/ml/model' the Trainer saves all training artifacts, including logs, checkpoints, and models. Amazon SageMaker archives the whole '/opt/ml/model' directory as `model.tar.gz` and uploads it at the end of the training job to Amazon S3. Depending on your Hyperparameters and `TrainingArguments` this could lead to a large artifact (> 5GB), which can slow down deployment for Amazon SageMaker Inference. 
You can control how checkpoints, logs, and artifacts are saved by customization the [TrainingArguments](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/master/en/main_classes/trainer#transformers.TrainingArguments). For example by providing `save_total_limit` as `TrainingArgument` you can control the limit of the total amount of checkpoints. Deletes the older checkpoints in `output_dir` if new ones are saved and the maximum limit is reached.

> If you are using the HuggingFace framework estimator, you need to specify a checkpoint output path through hyperparameters. To enable checkpointing, set `output_dir` to `/opt/ml/checkpoints` in hyperparameters, and point `checkpoint_s3_uri` to an S3 location in your estimator ([see Use Checkpoints on Amazon SageMaker Documentation](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/model-checkpoints.html)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In addition to the options already mentioned above, there is another option to save the training artifacts during the training session. Amazon SageMaker supports [Checkpointing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/model-checkpoints.html), which allows you to continuously save your artifacts during training to Amazon S3 rather than at the end of your training. To enable [Checkpointing](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/sagemaker/latest/dg/model-checkpoints.html) you need to provide the `checkpoint_s3_uri` parameter pointing so an Amazon S3 location in the `HuggingFace` estimator and set `output_dir` to `/opt/ml/checkpoints`. 
_Note: If you set `output_dir` to `/opt/ml/checkpoints` make sure to call `trainer.save_model("/opt/ml/model")` or model.save_pretrained("/opt/ml/model")/`tokenizer.save_pretrained("/opt/ml/model")` at the end of your training to be able to deploy your model seamlessly to Amazon SageMaker for Inference._
```
